Hi, I'm Eugenie.
Today I am going to show you a different way to prepare breakfast in this simple video.
First, cut the baguette.
Make a hole but do not remove all the white bread inside.
Just like this.
Set aside.
Add the olive oil in a pan and heat the oil over medium heat.
Cut and at the same time bacon.
I am using a bacon board today.
Then cook until brown and crisp.
Now transfer to the panel lined kitchen towel to drain excess fat.
Then eliminate the fat and bacon on the pan and lightly spray the oil.
Reduce the heat to low medium and put the baguette on the pan.
Crack the egg into the cup and slowly pour into the hole.
If you squeeze the baguette firmly with the fingers,
You will not get a white egg whip out on the bottom of the bread.
Season with salt and pepper and cover the pan.
Cook for 2 minutes. And flip over.
Then cook for an additional 1 minute or until the eggs are cooked to your liking.
Voila. Sprinkle with bacon on top and serve immediately.
This is best when warm.
I do not like the crispy baguette with the runny eggs inside.
Bon appetite.
And here goes each other.
They are cooked over it.
thanks for watching.
And yes I love this work. Oh really.
Bye for now!